# T2O3: Reel Money

## Problem Description
Lucky you! With your insider access, you've been able to obtain a file that could lead to more interesting places.

But, is it enough to steal a Lucky Lion Redemption Ticket with a value of at least $1,000.00?

Keep in mind, the casino employees are always on the alert for odd behavior, and could try to thwart you.

The flag has the format wicys2024[NNNN.NN:XXXXXXXXXXX]. Don't waste time trying to tamper or guess the flag itself.

### Resources
- [luckyliongaming.kdbx](resources/luckyliongaming.kdbx)

## Objectives
- Steal a Lucky Lion Redemption Ticket with a value of at least $1,000.00

## Approach and Solution
Banging. My. Head.

I spent BY FAR the most time on this problem. Like I think...nearly two weeks? There were just specific things about this problem that sent me down insanely deep rabbit holes. I definitely way, way, WAY overcomplicated this problem. And when I say "overcomplicated," I mean 182 files. **EIGHTEEN** different Python scripts. Go scripts, for whatever reason (???). Hundreds of lines of notes. One file with "machine cookies"...except there were 25,000 machine cookies in there. But...we'll get into that.

## Rabbit Holes

### The Nmap Scans

### The Nmap Scans Aftermath (or, what I did before I realized that was not a Target IP)

#### The Reel Exploit (Phishing and AD)

#### SSLstrip and Other Fun Activities

#### RCE

#### What Do You Mean, The Email Logins Are In Plaintext

#### Not a Target CTF

### Fuzzing, Gobuster, and Feroxbuster

### The /admin URL

### Being Too Smart About HMACs

### Steganography

### Timing Attack

### Web Workers and Blobs

### XSS

### Length Extension Attack

### John the Ripper Hates Me

### The /static/enigmo URL

### JSON Injection and IDOR

### FastAPI Deep Dive

### Symbolic Links

### Local File Inclusion